CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to LLM Chatbot for Messengers

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the LLM Chatbot for Messengers project! We welcome contributions from the community and appreciate your help in making this project better.

## How to Contribute

### Reporting Issues

If you encounter any bugs or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/sad-zero/llm-chatbot-for-messengers/issues). Be sure to provide a clear description of the problem and steps to reproduce it.

### Code Contributions

1. **Fork the Repository**
   Click on the "Fork" button at the top right of the repository page to create your own copy of the project.

2. **Clone Your Fork**
   Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sad-zero/llm-chatbot-for-messengers.git
   cd llm-chatbot-for-messengers
   ```

3. **Create a Branch**
   Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:

   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/my-feature
   ```

4. **Make Your Changes**
   Implement your changes or fixes. Be sure to follow the project's coding style and guidelines.

5. **Run Tests**
   Before submitting your changes, make sure to run the tests to ensure everything is working as expected:

   ```bash
   hatch run test
   ```

6. **Commit Your Changes**
   Commit your changes with a descriptive commit message:

   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Add a brief description of your changes"
   ```

7. **Push to Your Fork**
   Push your changes to your forked repository:

   ```bash
   git push origin feature/my-feature
   ```

8. **Open a Pull Request**
   Navigate to the original repository and open a pull request (PR) from your branch. Provide a clear description of your changes and why they should be merged.

## Code of Conduct

By participating in this project, you agree to abide by our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). We expect everyone to treat each other with respect and to contribute to a positive community.

## Thank You!

We appreciate your contributions and support for the LLM Chatbot for Messengers project. Together, we can make this a great tool for developers!

If you have any questions or need further assistance, feel free to reach out.

Happy coding!

Commit message:

Ci/write workflow (#7)
Co-authored-by: bot <bot@love.you>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to LLM Chatbot for Messengers

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the LLM Chatbot for Messengers project! We welcome contributions from the community and appreciate your help in making this project better.

## How to Contribute

### Reporting Issues

If you encounter any bugs or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/sad-zero/llm-chatbot-for-messengers/issues). Be sure to provide a clear description of the problem and steps to reproduce it.

### Code Contributions

1. **Fork the Repository**
   Click on the "Fork" button at the top right of the repository page to create your own copy of the project.

2. **Clone Your Fork**
   Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sad-zero/llm-chatbot-for-messengers.git
   cd llm-chatbot-for-messengers
   ```

3. **Create a Branch**
   Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:

   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/my-feature
   ```

4. **Make Your Changes**
   Implement your changes or fixes. Be sure to follow the project's coding style and guidelines.

5. **Run Tests**
   Before submitting your changes, make sure to run the tests to ensure everything is working as expected:

   ```bash
   hatch run test
   ```

6. **Commit Your Changes**
   Commit your changes with a descriptive commit message:

   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Add a brief description of your changes"
   ```

7. **Push to Your Fork**
   Push your changes to your forked repository:

   ```bash
   git push origin feature/my-feature
   ```

8. **Open a Pull Request**
   Navigate to the original repository and open a pull request (PR) from your branch. Provide a clear description of your changes and why they should be merged.

9. **Check the Pull Request Status**
   Make sure that your request has passed CI Workflow.

## Code of Conduct

By participating in this project, you agree to abide by our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). We expect everyone to treat each other with respect and to contribute to a positive community.

## Thank You!

We appreciate your contributions and support for the LLM Chatbot for Messengers project. Together, we can make this a great tool for developers!

If you have any questions or need further assistance, feel free to reach out.

Happy coding!
